Tanner and Dana took Peters today on the
wind lip I just went a bit too big and
over-rotated and just Tommy super hard
probably some of the worst crashes I've
seen this year maybe ever getting in the
bird for the first time out here at Bell
- super stoked with voice got Kye Stef
and Dana Corey the man himself buying
the camera and todd Jones Baker guides
it brand-new we're not bringing you with
a nice looking Hellion we're stoked
brand new Haley I stand corrected
let's get in have some fun we're up the
last frontier Holly scheme we're just
flying around searching for good snow we
found this low protected zone with a
bunch of just different natural wind
lips no rollers and transitions and
stuff we all agreed just pull the doors
off get some shots
kai went first and kind of hit it really
slow he didn't have enough speed just
through a little three and he radioed
back up for the boys to take it with
more speed I went after Kai and
definitely went a little faster and kind
of like just took a little too far down
and just had the gnarly as ragdoll in my
life just full pinwheel Stretch
Armstrong style
super stoked to come out alive just with
a little bit of a hug neck and back
Danny went next and and he threw a huge
front flip and I could tell the minute
he hit the air like that he had way too
much heat probably the most violent
tomahawk I've ever had in my life just
and over and over and just closed my
eyes turned my body for rubber my jacket
fully got ripped rate over my head as I
was tomahawking completely zipped up and
still attached to my backpack he was
just sitting as one little package to
both down at the bottom kind of collect
and there's their stuff and Danny have
radioed up that he was he was tweaked he
was done and I can tell Tanner looks
kind of kind of dinged up but sure
enough the hell he comes back in and
Tanner gets in and let's back up and
figures out his speed and comes in and
throws huge three and greases that and
the heli comes back in and Tanner once
again he goes back up oh my god what now
you know Tanner went up and threw huge
trick and stuck it
to see Tanner you know deal with that
kind of wipeout and just getting right
back on the horse it's really impressive